Did you don't realize how important the air quality is to when those fires.
I was doing shows in Sacramento.
I didn't even think of it.
Pete and fans or a DM or are you going to do,
are you going to cancel?
Please don't cancel.
I'm like,
why the fuck would I cancel nine I don't cancel shows.
We'll see soon,
man.
Then I fly in and I was like,
Oh shit.
You couldn't see a foot in front of your face.
She sent me a smoke.
You sent me a picture from your hotel room and I was like,
is there a fire in your room?
I've never seen anything like it and I did not feel good.
Was sick the whole time there to my shows,
US lightheaded,
everyone had mass gone like Asians at airports.
Everybody set for me and my brother and guess what?
We couldn't get any mass cause they're all sold out.
Did they help?
I think so.
They filter some of it,
but I didn't realize how big of a deal it was.
Taiwan up there,
I'm like,
Holy Shit Man,
this is,
this is serious.
Those fires were so big.
The mean the fires down here,
we're big but nothing compared to the northern California fires because of the
area of northern California that got lit up was like woods,
like huge,
huge wooded areas and the whole town was just,
it's not there anymore.
Was a paradise done game over does no,
not knowing.
Nothing's nothing.
The whole town burned down.
Pretty sure go to that.
Pull up paradise.
california.com is that a,
is that a place that wipe down now?
Do you see they fired the fricking,
some of the firefighters in like a relief people cause they were taking pictures
like not even mock and I don't think they should have been fired because there's
like all burnt down house and then there's like,
I dunno like a wooden horse and then like firefighters like on the wooden horse
and like go like your mark mocking the people lost their homes and they,
oh they lost their jobs.
That's crazy.
Come on man.
These guys are fighting for their life out there.
They're probably just had to do with it.
Not only that,
the horse is there,
it's like what do you give a shit?
Why?
Why the house is burned to the ground.
You really think it's that in that poor taste for these poor guys who risk their
lives to save people's houses to have a good time.
Why was that real?
This is crazy.
I should have made it out of those trees.
Trees are still standing in.
The trees are pretty gangster.
Hearing what's going on.
Like at a certain point in time,
we're going to have to make fireproof houses.
Does that exist?
Or making them out of cinder block or you gotta do what?
Kanye didn't just have your own fricking fire department.
Just surround your house just in case.
That's a good move.
In my neighborhood,
there's a house that burned to the ground.
I put pictures of it up on my Instagram as a car in the driveway,
but the um,
whoa,
this is,
this picture is terrifying.
Oh Dude.
You're talking Armageddon style.
This fixture is terrifying.
Is this,
what we're looking at is rows of houses that are gone.
It looks like it goes for an entire neighborhood.
It's an entire neighborhood.
Why?
It's like a mile and just there's nothing left.
Everything's burnt to the ground.
But it's amazing.
Those trees are still standing over those trees there.
I mean their torch.
But yeah,
they're there.
Yeah.
But it's weird.
Black as fuck.
Isn't it weird when you expect the trees would be burnt to a crisp?
Yeah,
they're so thick.
The other thing is,
uh,
where's I've I,
oh,
coming from and I flew down.
So from north to south and when you go over Malibu and like in Woodland Hills
and where you live,
you wouldn't bell kit.
When you see all that,
it's insane from a bird's eye view and you just see all the black women flying
into La.
Well,
I flew over a Malibu with burr and a helicopter,
so we got real low.
It was,
it's crazy.
Crazy.
We get this Mcdonald's burnt to the ground.
That's crazy.
You know that motherfucker burned when cheese
bridge burnt,
fucked us on before and after steel,
nuts,
wooden.
That was a,
what was it?
A wasn't rich wouldn't look at this like the whole,
everything's gone.
So is that the case that the whole town is evaporated?
Ice Is gone.
Yeah,
pretty sure.
Paradise is what the fuck those people do now do.
You don't rebuild,
right?
You're like,
wow,
Jesus.
And then also a lot of it,
and this just from my own experience down here,
I'm looking at homes in areas where there's chances of fire that were caused by
fires.
Banks won't give you the loan or you have to put a higher,
almost all cash payment down.
And also the house insurance on a fire area.
They're not going to do it these days.
But what are they going to do with a place like Malibu?
Because Malibu got hit harder than anything.
They lost 600 plus houses.
Find out if that's true.
I know they said they lost like 1500 structures,
but someone told me that 600 of those warehouses,
and if you're talking about Malibu,
like when burned,
I were flying around the coastline over by zoom,
uh,
point doom.
You know those people there?
Well James Beach here,
I don't know,
it's the cliffs loosely fire.
Worst fired to hit Malibu with home loss is topping 1.6 billion.
Bubba,
bubba billion
structures destroyed.
I feel like we don't hear about it so much because I think people assume
everyone Malibu has money.
They are a higher tax bracket so that God will figure it out.
It's still super fucked up,
man.
Well,
I have friends that don't have a lot of money,
but they build houses and one of them,
one of the houses they were living in and the other house they were building and
they're all the,
both houses got torched.
400 single family houses with an estimated market value of 1.6 billion.
So 670 structures,
400 of them were houses.
That's horrible man.
It's a weird to fly over man when you fly over it because in the,
with a helicopter,
you know,
bird was pretty close.
We were,
we were,
you know,
right above it and circling,
just outside,
right over the ocean.
And as you're doing it and flying over the ocean,
you're looking at these compounds.
There are probably $50 million houses.
I mean these fucking massive,
massive compounds burnt to the ground
God damn thing they could do about it.